Hardship Often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.

Victory is reserved for those who are willing to pay its price.

Go and get your things. Dreams mean work.

In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity.

No one knows what he can do till he tries.

you'll laugh at your fear when you find out who you really are.

discipline is choosing between what you want now and what you want most.

Power comes in response to a need, not a desire, You have to create that need.

Each day you must choose : The pain of discipline or the pain of regret.

Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.

We should be excited, not scared, when we're in a desperate situation.

Your lack of commitment is an insult to the people who believe in you.

If you are going through hell, keep going.

To win any battle, you must fight as if you are already dead.

The man who loves walking will go further than the man who loves the destination.

Circumstances don't make the man, they only reveal him to himself.

He who avoids the hardship of progress, is doomed to meet the pain of regret.

Today is the day when external things will not get the better of you. You will choose strength over weakness. courage over cowardice. virtue over vice.

Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.

Luck is what happens when preparations meets opportunity.

Know yourself and you will win all battles.

This is where you have got to push past your limit, if you don't, then your path ends here

The gain without pain is meaningless. That's because no one can gain without sacrificing something.

There will always be someone who can't see your value , don't let that someone be you.

Yesterday i was clever, so i wanted to change the world. Today i am wise, so i am changing myself.

Man conquers the world by conquering himself.

He who can not obey himself, will be commanded. that is the nature of living creatures.

When a person is down, the weak come out and speak about him. it takes courage to speak about them when they are on top. get on top.

